//ACME clients MUST send a User-Agent header field, in accordance with
   [RFC7231].  This header field SHOULD include the name and version of
   the ACME software in addition to the name and version of the
   underlying HTTP client software.
//ACME clients SHOULD send an Accept-Language header field in
   accordance with [RFC7231] to enable localization of error messages.

The server creates an account and stores the public key used to verify the JWS (i.e., the "jwk" element of the JWS header) to authenticate future requests from the account.  
   The server returns this account object in a 201 (Created) response, with the account URL in a Location header field.  
   The account URL is used as the "kid" value in the JWS authenticating subsequent requests by this account (see Section 6.2).  The account URL is also used for requests for management actions on this account, as described below.

New Order Response
Clients MUST NOT make any assumptions about the sort order of
   "identifiers" or "authorizations" elements in the returned order
   object.

CSR
The CSR MUST indicate the exact same
   set of requested identifiers as the initial newOrder request.
   Identifiers of type "dns" MUST appear either in the commonName
   portion of the requested subject name or in an extensionRequest
   attribute [RFC2985] requesting a subjectAltName extension, or both
In such cases, the problem document returned by the server SHOULD use
   error code "badCSR" and describe specific reasons the CSR was
   rejected in its "detail" field.  After returning such an error, the
   server SHOULD leave the order in the "ready" state, to allow the
   client to submit a new finalize request with an amended CSR.

   A request to finalize an order will result in error if the order is
   not in the "ready" state.  In such cases, the server MUST return a
   403 (Forbidden) error with a problem document of type
   "orderNotReady".  The client should then send a POST-as-GET request
   to the order resource to obtain its current state.  The status of the
   order will indicate what action the client should take (see below).

   If a request to finalize an order is successful, the server will
   return a 200 (OK) with an updated order object.  The status of the
   order will indicate what action the client should take: